Well, we are all done with our orders and ticket service for now.
We've got a bunch of publishers, listeners wrote handlers inside of both them.
At this point, there's definitely a couple of different directions we could go.
We could go back over to our client project and start to put together the front end for creating orders
and tickets and all that stuff.
But for the rest of this course, to be honest with you, we're really going to stick on the back end
and we're only going to revisit the React application when just about all of our back end stuff is done.
That is the real focus of this course overall.
It is really the back end component as opposed to just kind of juggling data in the world of React.
So on the back and side, what is the next thing we're going to do?
Well, we're going to take a look at that idea of expiring an order after some period of time.
So this is going to be referred to as the expiration service.
This service is going to have one single job.
It is going to watch for order created coming in.
So we're going to definitely implement a listener inside there.
And then after that 15 minute timer or however long we eventually configure it to be, we're going to
have the expiration service, then publish an event of its own called simply expiration complete.
The goal of this event right here is to tell the order service that one of its orders has now expired.
Now, one thing I want to really highlight, that's in this diagram right here, the expiration service
is not responsible for telling the rest of the world.
Then order has been canceled.
That's not his job.
Its sole purpose is to have that 15 minute timer.
It is then up to the order service to take a look at this event and decide whether or not it is actually
time to cancel an order.
This is really important because when this event comes in to the order service, a user may have already
paid for an order and we might have not gone over to the expiration service and told it that the order
was paid for and that it should cancel that timer.
So all this service really does for us listen to order created emit expiration complete after 15 minutes
or so the service is going to be pretty straightforward in nature and certainly a lot easier to put
together than all the other services we put together.
So far.
It's not going to have any root handlers, won't have any express server, nothing like that.
It's really just a listener and a publisher.
Now, having said all that, of course, there's always some hidden complexity.
Always, always, always.
So the real question about the service comes down to how are we going to let that 15 minute timer elapse?
How are we going to keep track of it, and how are we going to make sure that we emit an event precisely
15 minutes after?
Oh, that's a big question.
We've got a couple of different options available to us.
So let's take a pause right here.
We're going to take a look at four or five, I think four different options of how we can implement
that timer inside the expiration service.